# Oblig 1
Option a – Personal portfolioContext
This is your last year in the university and you are excited about the idea of starting your new worker life. Unfortunately, your work experience is scant, and you need to figure out a way of promoting yourself. Then, it comes to your mind the idea of building a website that talks about you. Notice that a personal website is not a resume. Resumes are boring. Personal Web sites gives us the opportunity of differentiating ourselves from the rest. Some advantages of having a personal website are the following:You can emphasize your strengths by driving the user attention to remarkable things about youIt makes you more findableIt gives you the opportunity of building a personal brandIt gives you a differentiating factor from the rest of the peopleThis compulsory activity is delivered in groups. Feel free to create the portfolio page for one of the members of the group or create a fictional persona that represents the group.Task descriptionDesign and implement your personal portfolio page.Your personal website must contain 5 (( or four?? )) different pages:Home page: this is the first page users will see. You can decide the contents that will be shown to the user in this page. However, it must contain, at least, the following:o    Image and description about you (make sure you use proper semantic tags)o    Text introducing yourselfo    List of hobbieso    A quotation from a book, song, or movieResume/CV page1: this page presents your academic credentials, skills, and qualifications. It must contain, at least, the following:o    Academic backgroundo    Work experienceo    List of languages you speako    List of skillsPortfolio page: Use this page to show to the world your best works or projects. A portfolio project can be anything you want to, such as a picture, a drawing, a piece of art, a website, etc. You must include at least 3 different projects. All the projects in your portfolio must have a title, a description explaining what the project is about (5 or 6 lines) and an image.About page: this page must contain a short report of the preparations you did beforehand to ensure you would use different semantic tags. Explain why you decided to include the different parts of your contents and discuss why the HTML elements you used to annotate them were the best option 

